This file contains notes on potential porting problems for CLIB and
E. 

[1] Compilation with other compilers
    
    Note: There is a variety of known bugs in the optimizer stage of
    gcc 2.95.1. At least on SPARC, E seens to trigger one of these
    bugs. Compile without optimization or get a different compiler
    version. Moreover, gcc 2.96 and gcc 2.97 are not official
    releases, and are known to be buggy. Again, these bugs seem to be
    triggered by E on the x86 architecture, leading to unexplainable
    segmentation faults. Unfortunately, Red Hat seems to ship some of
    the buggy versions -- complain to your dealer (and get a new
    compiler)!

    I am using the GNU gcc compiler to develop E under Solaris 2.X,
    Linux, and, recently, MacOS-X. Support for other environments is
    much less tested, I only have access to a few different
    OS/Compiler combinations. Compilation with gcc has up to now
    worked on all systems I have access to. gcc is excellent and free
    software, I suggest that you install it on your system. If you do
    not have access to gcc, but have a proprietary ANSI C compiler,
    you have to modify CLIB/Makefile.vars as follows:

    - Set the variable CC to you C compiler (usually cc)
    - Set the variable CFLAGS to the proper options for your compiler 
      (an example for the SunPro compiler is included in the file)    
    - Set the variable MAKEDEPEND to use makedepend instead of gcc (an
      example line is included in the Makefile)
    - Type "make" and hope ;-)

    The basic E code has now been tested under a lot of very different
    environments, and seems to work fine everywhere.

[2] The PCmp() macro from BASICS/clb_ptrees.h uses potentially
    non-portable casts and pointer arithmetic to get a fast total
    ordering on pointers. It works on any system I know, and should
    work on any system based on current computer architecture, but is
    not entirely ANSI-blessed. If this causes problems, you can
    probably solve this by changing the definition as follows:

    #define PCmp(p1, p2) PCmpFun((p1), (p2))

    This probably has some (small) impact on performance.

[3] Some versions of ar truncate file names or function names to 8
    characters. The first case seems to be uncritical up to now. If
    you have an ar (or a compiler) braindead enough to get you into
    trouble through this, get a new one... 
    The GNU versions are excellent. 

[4] The linker on some older FreeBSD systems seems to barf on the
    final linking stage. Repeating each library 3 times (as in lib1
    lib2 lib3 lib1 lib2 lib3 lib1 lib2 lib3)  in CLIB/PROVER/Makefile
    is reported to overcome this problem.

[5] The prover is written under the assumption that 'long' has at
    least 32 bits. It should work for smaller values, but will
    probably run into overflows and limits fairly fast.

[6] The function TempFileCreate() in INOUT/cio_tempfile.c uses the
    function tempname() to generate a unique filename while honoring
    $(TMPDIR). It exists on all UNIX systems I have used and is
    required by both in BSD 4.3 and SVID. However, it is neither ANSI
    nor POSIX-blessed (unless I am mistaken). You should be able to
    replace it with tmpnam(SecureMalloc(L_tmpnam)) if the original
    form causes you trouble (but you will loose the $(TMPDIR)
    functionality (which is not used in the main prover anyways).

[7] Since some of the conceptual set- and bag operations are indeed
    implemented as set and bag-operations, the order in which some
    operations are performed may depend on the addresses your C
    library hands out for malloc()ed blocks. This used to effect the
    exact behaviour of the prover. In particular, I found that very
    rarely a version compiled under MacOS X ran differently from the
    same version compiled under Solaris or Linux. I hopefully have
    eliminated all such influences now.

[8] Some newer versions of gcc distributed with e.g. Ubuntu 10.4-12.4
    seem to be picky about the place in which the -lm flag is given to
    gcc for linking. The latest version of E should comply with this. 

[9] Some newer compilers will complain about Variabes "set but not
    used". This is harmless - the variables are used for assert checks
    in the DEBUG version, and I see no particular value in cluttering
    the case with #ifdef to supress these warnings.
